Add parent data to resolve data params (#1408)
measuredco/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/configuration/component-config.mdx

};
```

##### `params.parent`

The [component data](/docs/api-reference/data-model/component-data) of the parent.

> Resolvers are executed bottom-up when [`<Puck>`](/docs/api-reference/components/puck) renders, so the parent component will only [resolve its data](#resolvedatadata-params) after the child resolver has completed when this happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the parent implements [resolveData](#resolvedatadata-params), this parameter will return the unresolved data on initial render, as resolvers are executed bottom-up.
```

##### `params.trigger`

The event that triggered this resolveData call. One of:

- `insert` - the component was inserted
- `replace` - the component was replaced, such as when a field value is changed

> - `moved` - the component moved between parents

Reviewer: This should be `move` not `moved` to align with the other triggers
